[excel] (ExcelApi 1.13) Adding links to new conceptual article sections (#2804)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/excel-api-1-13-requirement-set.md

| Feature area | Description | Relevant objects |
|:--- |:--- |:--- |
| [Formula changed events](../../excel/excel-add-ins-worksheets.md#detect-formula-changes) | Track changes to formulas, including the source and type of event that caused a change. | [Worksheet.onFormulaChanged](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheet#onFormulaChanged)|
| [Formula dependents](../../excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-precedents-dependents.md#get-the-direct-dependents-of-a-formula) | Locate the direct dependent cells of a formula. | [Range.getDirectDependents](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#getDirectDependents__) |

> | [Insert worksheets](../../excel//excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#create-a-workbook) | Insert worksheets from another workbook into the current workbook as a Base64-encoded string. | [Workbook.insertWorksheetsFromBase64](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#insertWorksheetsFromBase64_base64File__options_) |

Reviewer: For insertWorksheetsFromBase64, I've been linking directly to the sub-article. What do you think? 
```suggestion
| [Insert worksheets](../../excel//excel-add-ins-workbooks.md#insert-a-copy-of-an-existing-workbook-into-the-current-one) | Insert worksheets from another workbook into the current workbook as a Base64-encoded string. | [Workbook.insertWorksheetsFromBase64](/javascript/api/excel/excel.workbook#insertWorksheetsFromBase64_base64File__options_) |
```
